new intro and there's new tech coming I
mean there's always new tech coming but
what better time to lay it all out than
the beginning of the year for some of
the best stuff we're expecting for 2024
now there was plenty of Great Tech in
2023 from smartphones to cameras to VR
stuff to computers and headphones a
bunch of good EVs and a bunch of even
better EV promises but 2024 is looking
up so these are to me the most
interesting new bits of tech stuff that
we can look forward to for this up
coming year actually right at the
beginning of every year is CES in
January where it's out in Las Vegas this
year again I will not be there in person
but I will have my eyes on it and I will
be seeing if there's anything
interesting that sort of bubbles up
above the rest of the noise I can always
count on you guys to send me that stuff
on Twitter if you see anything but then
also typically kicking off every year
with a bang is a January Samsung event
so we're expecting s24 reveal stuff
pretty soon also based on the leaks it
looks like s24 family is going to look
very similar to s23 so it'll be curious
to see what stuff they actually do
change but that's another January thing
we're about to get that soon but the big
headliner that appears to be right
around the corner it feels like is Apple
Vision Pro this feels like maybe the
most unprecedented Apple launch in a
long time certainly in my career online
just because you know love them or hate
them apple is one of the biggest tech
companies in the world and them doing
such a weird launch like this is is
pretty fascinating so they've shown it
on stage they did that announcement
video and they announced it months ahead
of time but they have not shown a single
Apple employee or executive wearing it
even once and they've let people
actually test this thing out including
myself many times but nobody has been
allowed to film thems using it at all
and just in general there's still a lot
of unanswered questions about how it's
going to work what it's going to be
really good at what you're going to want
to use it for are you going to have to
go into an Apple store to get custom fit
to actually be able to buy one of these
things it's just shaping up to be one of
the most interesting new products in a
long time now it's super expensive like
we all know that 3,500 bucks so it's for
sure not for everyone most people I know
don't even plan on getting one but it is
for those early adopters who are curious
about the VR stuff and those who do I
already know will be very impressed by
the p through which is incredible by the
immersion and the resolution which is
really good by the eye tracking which is
borderline magical but it also it feels
like it's going to be hard to review
because it doesn't really compete
against any of the other VR headsets
like it is much more expensive than any
of the others so it doesn't it doesn't
compete against them but then also it
feels like okay that means it has no
competition which is kind of weird too
it's just it's fascinating I will say if
you want to go back and watch my initial
Impressions after I first tried Apple
Vision Pro the day it got announced I
will link that video below that's one
thing you know I think this headset is
going to be techn techically impressive
to the people that try it but the other
half of the story that's completely
Unwritten is what apps are going to come
out for it what are the killer features
and the use cases going to turn out to
be that it turns out Apple Vision Pro is
really good at I this vision of like
wearing it on the airplane and watching
a movie wearing the the headset for a
4-Hour flight but it's also so heavy
that I don't know if I'd want to wear it
for that long and will the battery
actually last that long there's so many
questions not a lot of answers yet so
looking forward to that for this year
but you know what I have almost no doubt
about I'm calling it now remember the
word multimodal just for
2024 this is going to be the year of
multimodal AI see we've seen so much of
the focus on AI for these past couple
years or the past two years or so it
feels like a long time but it's mainly
just been these chat Bots right where
they're trained on all this information
and then you give it a text prompt and
it gives you a text answer so it can
generate you know some new in
interesting prompts or it can summarize
something for you or it can sort of spit
out something creative but it's text in
text out but we are right now at the
beginning of starting to see what's
called multimodal AI which all that
really means is it's more than one
different type of medium input into this
AI system so it'll be able to understand
text or audio or images or video and be
able to work with that and still give
you an output so Google got in trouble a
couple of days ago because they faked a
video and it's still on their YouTube
channel it's a six-minute video of them
asking their new multimodal Gemini Ultra
AI Model A bunch of different questions
in a row about you know stuff it sees
being put on a table drawings you know
this guy puts objects in the frame Etc
and it's very conversational about all
this
stuff the cup to the
left nice so that was fake or at least
heavily edited but I honestly didn't
really care I the idea to me of it
actually being that advanced it never
crossed my mind that that could be
actually real time but the idea the idea
of being able to feed your virtual
assistant
anything that to me is the leveling up
of of this AI that we've been hoping for
just being able to give it whatever is
in front of you just be able to show it
something or or type out text or or read
it something or whatever and all of that
still
works I'm I'm excited for eventually
having a multimodal Google Assistant
whenever that happens I also even did a
short recently about the meta AI smart
glasses with they have a camera on the
front but they also have an AI model in
the glasses themselves in the computer
and that AI model is now with an early
Access program multimodal and so you can
look at stuff with the glasses and it'll
be able to help you with it look all I'm
saying all I'm saying is multimodal AI
just remember that word for now and
that's not even counting all the rest of
the stuff AI is genuinely useful for
that's not even consumer facing from
finding patterns and immense amounts of
data to be able to better predict and
control wildfires or to be able to
invent new materials or cure diseases
what a world we live in we truly live in
an Age of Wonders Now new hardware is
always fun right you know new phones new
tablets new computers all that stuff you
want to know something interesting
though about last year not a single new
iPad was released in
2023 makes you think now the thing about
the iPad is Apple does tend to make a
couple occasional like amazing Hardware
changes to the iPad Pro I think the iPad
Pro is genuinely one of the most
impressive pieces of Hardware Tech that
I've ever used and then they do that
every year or too but then at the end of
the day you use it and it's still an
iPad so I say this with some hesitation
but I am actually really looking forward
to seeing the rumored new OLED iPad Pro
in 2024 that's something we've heard
that we might get for a while we already
have an OLED S8 Ultra that tablet is
amazing looking and I want to see a
super bright OLED display on an iPad
we'll see if that shows up soon but one
more interesting design change we're
actually expecting with apple is
actually the watch 10 the the series 10
10th Generation Apple watch all signs
are pointing towards a truly redesigned
Apple watch for the first time really
ever in this year's Apple watch 10 now I
mean let's be real Apple watch has
looked kind of the same for a long time
yes the ultra is a little different it's
a little bigger a little flatter on the
front but the series 9 looks just like a
series 8 which looks just like a series
7 Series 6 Series 5 so they're all the
same shape other than basically the
bezel getting a little bit thinner now
change for the sake of change isn't
really useful on its face but I just
think the Apple watch feels like it
actually could use a Fresh coat of paint
just a little design a little refresh to
to get up to date with the the Galaxy
watches of the world nice circles I
think I think it would look nice also
have you heard that the Apple watch is
like dangerously close to being banned
in the US with which is a whole separate
story maybe worth a whole separate video
we'll stay tuned on that oh and RCS on
the iPhone I'm excited for RC CS to
finally come to the iPhone sometime in
2024 they haven't said when but Apple's
committed to it I usually don't root for
Tech to die but I do think it's time to
be done with SMS forever so welcome on
board now this one's more General but I
am actually hoping hoping this year for
some interesting some actually
interesting smartphones I'll put it that
way because obviously this is this is
probably a little bit of a crazy ask
because smartphones are clearly mature
and they all are kind of looking the
same and they improve a little bit every
year and even even the folding ones now
are kind of looking the same as they did
the year before but I think this is a
good ripe time for a new maybe mid-range
it's not going to be the flagship the
big hitters but maybe a mid-range
smartphone to really try something crazy
new it might be a crazy risky thing
might not happen but I'm hoping that we
do get to see something like that in
2024 and then also I've said this before
but every single year for the next
probably 15 years is going to be the
most interesting year for electric cars
yet and I don't think 2024 is any
exception to that rule and you know
we've got a bunch of really solid EVS
already out there in the world right the
most popular new car in the world is an
EV and there's already some really good
ones in North America also the nacs port
has very quickly gotten a ton of
commitments from pretty much everyone
making electric cars so basically Tesla
superchargers will be available to way
more electric cars great uh now this
year coming up we already have a Tesla
cyber Truck starting to hit the streets
that's pretty crazy we are also
definitely expecting a model 3 and model
y
refresh very soon imminently I mean the
model 3 refresh is already out there
it's shipping in Europe and Asia and I
think it'll be in the US pretty soon I
stay tuned to the autofocus channel for
a look at those we also just got a crazy
Porsche tyan refresh uh drop a crazy
nurburging lap time so that looks to be
a competitor to the model S plaid at the
very high end but also there should be
way more hopefully more affordable EVS
coming out over the next couple of years
so all of this plus some hybrids that
are somewhere in between for people not
ready to go fully electric that should
all be the most interesting year yet for
autofocus stuff so I'm excited for that
and then of course there's lots of other
Tech that I am hoping to see take
strides forward this year but I also I
wanted to cap this off with some of the
videos that I'm most looking forward to
here this year so last year there were
70 plus new videos on this channel which
were super fun and I I have this like
threshold for what consider like a
certified Banger like when a video when
people approached me in real life
mentioning one of these videos there
were a couple that really bubbled to the
top and those were the Tesla solar roof
video uh the Tesla cybertruck actually
Apple Vision Pro for sure and the
Formula 1 explain video those all popped
off I I really enjoyed the Formula 1
explain video though because obviously
that that sport is incredibly high tech
but I also think lowkey there's a lot
lot of other Tech in a lot of other
sports that's worth highlighting that I
think would be super fun to make videos
about now some of it is in the sport
itself some of it is in the training for
the sport you might be surprised by some
of it is in the broadcast like you
already know about those those highlight
moments tennis match you see the the
ball the slow-mo camera and it hits just
like on the line you get that replay
instantly the line of scrimmage and
football the pitch count and and the
strike zone and baseball there's tons of
stuff like that my point is I'm probably
making Sports Tech videos in 2024
because I've had a lot of fun with those
and I happen to be very interested in
that but then I also want to do more
collaborations in general I've had a lot
of fun with the waveform podcast which
if you haven't already subscribed there
link below get subscribed but we have
guests on there all the time which are
really fun and it highlights how much
you can learn from having conversations
with people I think my Creator
conversations are some of my favorites
but also just in general collaborations
with people on YouTube so if yall have
suggestions for people for channels
you'd like like to see us collaborate
with definitely leave a comment below
because that's that's on the high list
for me and then there's a few uh top
secret projects we've been working on
over here for a while that are finally
going to launch in 2024 you'll know them
when you see them they'll be huge
announcements stay tuned here on Twitter
and everywhere else for that stuff I've
included Easter eggs to the two biggest
ones in this video they're subtle but
once they're announced you'll know uh so
yeah look forward to all that stuff for
the new calendar year I'm going to wrap
it up here thanks for watching see you
in 2024 like starting now
peace